welcome to comic-con everybody I'm Kate
Jaeger now one of the best parts about
Xbox has got to be the HBO Go app why
cuz I get to see some of my favorite
shows like True Blood and Game of
Thrones well guess what we're talking to
stars from both shows we're also going
to take you inside the game of Thrones
survive the realm experience on Takada
Scalia you're not gonna believe what's
happening behind these doors
we're keeping our swords sharp here the
Game of Thrones survive the realm
experience these things are real
how you liking the experience so far you
think you're a big game of Thrones fan
well winter is coming permanently oh
that's the gun they ID'd Khaleesi proud
just gates of the Dragons we want to
welcome Pedro Pascal to the Xbox lounge
also knows Prince Elberon from Game of
Thrones what was it like shooting of
that last final scene squish heard
around the world
it was a very harrowing experience I had
to see my own head get smushed by half
boar the other actor over and over again
tubes of blood spurting out people
having a really good laugh and then when
it happened
I sort of relived it because I was like
now everyone knows now everyone has seen
the crunch pops bush of Oberyn Martell
we're looking forward to re watching
that scene over and over again on the
HBO Go app on Xbox
thanks so much Pedro bye
I have a very special guest with me
Kristin Bauer Vaughn Stratton we all
know her as our favorite vamp Pam on
True Blood what's it like to see
yourself on Xbox well that's what's
really amazing for me I just had to
Instagram because I was so excited about
seeing True Blood and Xbox people it's
kind of overwhelming if you could
cosplay wear a costume of your favorite
character of any stripe what would it be
if I didn't play Pam I'd probably
cosplay as Pam I mean leather and latex
and big hair language well thank you so
much for stopping by you guys can check
out True Blood Kristen and the rest of
the Tru Blood gang on the HBO go for
Xbox app some rumor fans we want more
great HBO content check out the HBO Go
app on Xbox